hello it's Ruby and today I'll be
filming my what I got for Christmas 2015
video before we start I would just like
to say that I'm really grateful for
everything that I received I know that I
am very lucky to be receiving presents
at all and I know that the terminal of
Christmas is nothing to do with gifts
it's just a magical beautiful time or we
can be thankful and spend time with
family and with that said let's begin
going to start with what father Chris
has brought me in my Christmas stocking
I got a blue water bottle I got some
chocolate then I got this white company
web mint peppermint and white tea home
spray I got this white back sticker
because buy back is my favorite charity
some hairspray some great heights and
I've actually already taken these out
the packaging because I wore the mist on
Christmas Day and and their bamboo
tights so they're really soft and then I
got this sugared violets hand cream I
got some licorice with a twist
they're these icelandic in the croatian
chocolate sweets and i absolutely love
them rocks and Twitter's I got this lee
octene and makeup bag with a little
pillow mist and then I got this peach
and almond shower gel then the last few
things I just got some chocolate coins
and some socks so now I'm a she slightly
bigger things that father Christmas
bought so first of all I got this giant
Spanish dictionary and we have these at
school and I'm obsessed with them so I'm
so happy and I got this and actually hub
with roping I realized what it was so I
got very excited and I accidentally
ripped part of the cover because I
thought it was wrapping paper which was
quite another but I can still use it so
I'm not too upset and then I got a whole
bunch of from the page slash book fibers
candles so the book loves candles I got
wah old books and oxford library then I
got a free elf Christmas at Hogwarts and
I think my favorite one is Nevermore
because my favorite poem is The Raven by
Edgar Allen Poe I also got this really
soft throw that I'm sitting on right now
and this is from the white company and
it's so soft I can't even explain how
soft it was now I'm going to move on to
what my parents got for me so I'm going
to start with the books
got me and I got quite a few and I'm
looking forward to reading all of them I
got the complete stories of Flannery
O'Connor then I got the Ballad of the
sad cafe by Carson McCullers so I don't
really know how you pronounce his last
name but this looks really good
then I got the first 49 stories of
Ernest Hemingway I've got the collected
Dorothy Parker so it's just the works of
Dorothy Parker and I got the scarlet
letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne late poems
of Christina Rossetti and I'm really
looking forward to reading this because
it looks fantastic I also got Invisible
Man by Ralph Ellison
and I got girls micellar nori it's
fascinating information every girl
should know then I got these two books
early I got the emergency poet and
anti-stress poetry anthology by edited
by Deborah Alma and I looked through and
some of these poems are really really
good and they're quite good for calming
you down so I think was quite helpful
when doing revision and I've also got a
literary Christmas and oncology and this
is a collection of extracts from famous
pieces of a little of literature and
poetry and just mentioning Christmas and
I'm really halfway through this and I'm
really enjoying it I got the Harry
Potter character vault book and I wanted
to read this as so long and of course as
soon as I got up I flicked right to
Hermione Granger pages and the
information given really good I am
really really happy that I received this
and also if you watched my minor Granger
wishlist you will see that I mentioned
that I really wanted lesson workbooks
and I'm really glad that I received this
and it's a learn to read Latin and by
Andrew Keller and Stephanie Russell and
I'm really hoping that this will allow
me to start learning Latin at least a
loose the basics and it looks really
good and I'm really looking forward to
this then I got two DVDs from my parents
I got inside out and then I got season
14 of The Simpsons because so I got
there
Vegas and harder Petros in vanilla it
comes with a student foot lotion some
socks and reviving foot soup crystals
then I got this bike back shark a marine
conservation calendar and I really like
this because as I said buyback is my
favorite charity so this looks good
and I'm also supporting weather caused
by burning it then I got to this the
magical Christmas coloring book the next
thing is something I actually asked for
and it is the Maya Granger gold-plated
time-turner from noble collection and
this is the first present I opened and I
wore it all day I really really loved
that then I got a camera strap for my
camera this little Japanese doll thing
become came in this box and it's a mouse
and it's really cute and then I also got
well if you saw my money ranger
Christmas wishlist you would have seen
that I mentioned these bookmarks and the
Harry Potter book marks and I really
really wanted them and but I didn't ask
for them or anything so when I open
these up I was so so happy because I was
going to get them of myself anyway I'm
so I got Hermione Luna Bellatrix and
Snape then I got this really gorgeous
painting of a willow tree because that's
the name of my kind of filmmaking
production company obviously informal
but it's really beautiful and I
absolutely loved wet looks for my wall
next I'm going to show you the quotes
that I got so first of all I bought this
t-shirt and again this from bite back so
it's just got the logo on the back and I
absolutely adore this because it means
I'm going to be able to show my support
for them or then out about then I got
quite a few things from Bowden so the
first thing I got was this top and it's
one of the point out t-shirts and it's
grey with pink sleeves as you can see
and I also got from Bowden I also got
these socks and they're really nicely
padded I think
get for trampolining this hat in blood
set then I've got this really nice
headband and this gorgeous dress from
Johnny B and I wore this on Christmas it
was my Christmas dress and it's pink
with gold stars and I'm in love with it
then I got some pajamas and I think
these are just from a new look so that's
the top and it's got matching mountains
then I got this jumper boats inside out
well you can get the generator it's just
a fluffy gray jumper and this is for
wearing to bed and then I also got this
navy kind of fleece and again this is
for bed because my room gets really
really cold then I got this shirt from
Ted Baker and it's rittle of the zip on
this it's gorgeous
I'm in love with this and I'll be
wearing loads then I also got this skirt
from Claudie
P a lot further than i pronouncing that
right because it's French but it's a
really nice kind of pencil skirt and
it's got buttons all up the side like
these two headbands then my dad shows me
a few things from Agnes B and I got this
really nice jumper it's just a cardigan
it's brown and it's really nice and I
also got a matching Brown Bay I was like
a matching brown berry my parents also
got me this scarf now I'm not really
sure if this counts as clothes but I got
a apron just for doing cooking at home
and it says Queen B on it then I got
this little Apple kind of cool bag back
and inside that cool bag I got this
coconut shower scrub a shower gel and a
hand cream now I'm going to show you
what I got from it from my sister so I
got two pieces of clothing
best of all I got this Zara skirt and I
also got this top from Hobbes London
this baymax beanie and this perfume
floor fasciae this book mogul his book
nerd on it this eyeshadow palette called
in bath then i got some things from lush
I got this sea monster fun the rhino
remedy charity pot hair hand and body
lotion and the bche de nol little did
his face and logic body cleanser then
she got me this new look nail varnish in
its really like pink and this bad says
you're a lizard hairy which is really
funny she got me some Japanese currently
they're hella pandas and also this yang
Yang which is a breadstick and
strawberry dip then she got me this
really cool necklace I really wanted one
of these it's a Coraline necklace with
the UM with the green thing that you
look through so I really like this then
she got me two pencils these both have
mingles quotes on them
this one says is butter a carb and this
one says that's so fetch and she also
got me these mini choir others there are
lots of fruits there just take the
fruits and these are really cool and
mouth also got me these socks from
Newark
so I just got back from my grandparents
house and now I'm just going to show you
a few more of the things that I received
just from family members outside my
immediate family so from one of my
grandparents I received this dress which
I'm wearing at the moment and this is
from Bowden just long-sleeve polka dots
on and I really like this and I also got
the take duffel bag then from my other
grandparents I got two pairs of Bowden
pajamas so the first ones are these ones
with penguins on them and then these the
bottoms and I also got these pink
striped then from my aunt Ian's cousins
I got this Coco Mademoiselle Chanel body
mist I bought I bought the same perfume
and I really liked it so I'm really glad
that I got the moisturiser for this then
my little cousin Ellen who has 9 got me
this notepad and a matching pen to go
with it and I absolutely adore this my
other cousins got me this really
gorgeous bracelet and then a matching
necklace to go with it and I adore this
it's really pretty and then my auntie
got me some underwear which I'm not
going to show for obvious reasons
my great aunt and uncle got me this
misfit flash Fitness of sleep monitor
which looks really cool and where you
can enjoy using this and then my dad's
friend got me this giant Linder and I
really can't wait to eat this because I
love it and I'm not going to share
presents from friends
and it is this book it's called the man
who walked through walls by Marcel I am
me he's a French author and it's the
translation and I absolutely adored this
book we did a book swap and I intend to
do a review of this in a near future
so I hope you enjoyed watching my what I
got for Christmas video I really hope
you don't think I was bragging at all
because I really really was not I hope
you had the best Christmas possible or a
Happy Hanukkah or an amazing Kwanzaa so
um yes thank you for watching